---
layout: page
title: Training
permalink: /training/
description: >-
  Training is about providing the right people with the knowledge they
  need to succeed. It is a misconception that only people new to a
  subject have something to learn, and that is especially true when it
  comes to accessibility. We can provide a range of different training
  services from end users to developers arm them with the knowledge they
  need.
---
Training is possibly the most important part of what we do.

It allows us
to have an immediate impact on an end user’s ability to do their job or
undertake their studies which can make a massive difference to one
person’s life. Technical support staff, who often have little or no
exposure to assistive technology products, are not equipped to provide.
Training ensures they can provide the same level of service to all. It
also gives us the opportunity to show developers how to make better,
more accessible applications affecting positive change on a large scale.

# End-User Training
Our experienced trainers provide both remote and face-to-face training
to users on a broad range of assistive technologies including JAWS®,
ZoomText, Dragon®, Read&Write, MindView®, and many more (make this a
link to a full list – links to the sites/suppliers?). We understand that
every user is different, so sessions start by getting to know them and
their needs in order to fully tailor the training to them, ensuring they
get the most out of every session.

Whether a brand new user who is starting from scratch, or an experienced
user looking to better understand more advanced features, we ensure
everyone finishes each session with new skills and improved confidence.

# Audit Training
Carrying out WCAG audits is a specialised process that requires years of
experience and accumulated knowledge and as such can be an expensive and
time-consuming (but necessary) process. We can train your testers to
carry out audits, showing them how to use automated software, but also
how to carry out manual testing, focusing on common issues and easy to
rectify problems. With internal staff who can report back on
accessibility issues during the early stages of the development process,
you can become more efficient and only consult more experienced testers
for more in depth analysis.

# Developer Training
For software development teams, accessibility requirements are seldom a
major focus. This often leads to both minor and serious accessibility
issues at the development stage, costing your business valuable time and
money, and potentially costing you customers in the long run.  We can
work closely with development teams to create awareness of accessibility
needs, show them how to overcome common accessibility problems, and give
them the knowledge to create fully accessible software applications.

# Accessible Document Creation
The documents your organisation creates may be visually appealing and
seem well-made to one person, but for a person with a disability, they
may be confusing at best and undecipherable at worst. We can help guide
your content creators and show them how to ensure that everyone can
understand the message you are trying to convey with your documentation.

For more information, please get in touch.
